#Week 11 Reading Reflection

In both “How Trump Consultants Exploited the Facebook Data of Millions” and “Cambridge Analytica and Our Lives Inside the Surveillance Machine”, they talk about Cambridge Analytica’s political data collection for the US election. The company collected personal information from Facebook without individual consent or even awareness. The collected data, in this case, is used for better prediction and manipulation of a political environment.

I search for the meaning of politics. On Wikipedia, politics is a set of activities that involve making decisions that apply to groups of members and achieving and exercising positions of governance—organized control over a human community. To my understanding, political works done by the government are meant to apply to the people. Or we can say, to control the people. In this case, the political parties are collecting data from the people in order to be a government. Seeing from this, it seems like a feedback cycle between people and the government. And the data collected from the people is an essential part to complete this cycle.

I think the reason why Cambridge Analytica being criticized is not because of the collecting activity. What they failed to do is to think in people’s perspectives when coming up with the method to collect data. These data companies focus more on how to interest their political buyers and overlook the ethical concerns behind. They didn’t think about the consequences, and what they want to do is to achieve their goal of collected data. People, in their perspective, are datapoints to be analyzed and controlled instead of creatures with feelings and rights.

It violets people’s expectations of democracy. The US election is supposed to be democratic. But with people’s profiles being collected, they can actually be manipulated secretly when they still think they are participating in a democratic activity. They are furious because the government is making a fool of them about the so-called democracy.
