# Response to Podcast

### "Radio Lab Right to be forgotten"
I totally understand why people want to get their record on the internet down, and I also understand that why these journalist  has actually taking it serious and decided to look into the cases and go through the stay and goes process. People need another chance. But there's a problem that I am confused with when learning about this situation. Why there are only so few people debating on whether to make a person forgottn or not? They are basically deciding a person's future and his/her personal relationship with the society. Though the decisions are carefully made, they still sound not quite fair to me.

I don't think they should delete the record completely. No one can predict the future and no one have to be predicted. If they have to pull down their public record, I think there should be a rubric at the first time when they are getting into trouble. The affair may be judge by the age, social status, education, income, witness approvement, acquaintance's comment and so on. For instance, if the person is commiting crime in a very young age, then his/ her record may not be put into the public system immediately, once they reach to a certain age and there is no further record, then the previous record will be stored in the private database forever. However, people can still get access to it, but they should be approved by the court or other authorities.

In this way, we may set a standard to the algorithm to judge whether the affair should be take into the private storage or not. But human ethics are always the most complicated thing that the algorithm will never fully understands. There will be cases that meet all the standard that it should be buried but we as human seen it unacceptable. So there will be cases which are inevitablly be misjudged. Also, the journalists will have a hard time since a lot of eye-cathching stories will be buried forever.

This reminds me of a film which is based a real story. "Dying to Survive" is a film tells a story about a man who illegally smuggle drugs to rescue thousands of patients with leukemia who can not afford the overpriced autorised ones. Indeed the man has committed crime, but we cannot overlook thousands of people, even families that he has rescued. It is a dilemma when declaring his guilty. When law meets ethic, it is hard to tell right from wrong.

### "The Daily The End of Privacy as we know it?"
The benefits of a system like ClearView will are pretty sure. Since it is been applied to the police system, it will be extremely effective when come to detecting crime cases. The criminal suspect will no longer hide away since his/ her face will be recognized at any second.

However, the risk is also significant. Under the system, you are being tracked all the time. Everybody will no longer owns privacy, even they stop use Internet forever. As it was mentioned in the podcast, your reflection on a glass window will also be detected. This is just like the world in the novel 1984, which everything is under surveillance. There will be person who use the photos as threatens to make others at risk. There will also be trades without having the victim's notice.

The thing I find especially problematic for me is that the system builder itself is not opened to the public. There is only the name "John Good" for this company online. We are all exposed in their bright sight but they are hiding in the dark. I think we have the right to know what somebody else is using our information for. So I think they company need to give clear information about themselves to the public, what do they do and what field their system is applied on. I know it may reduce the efficiency of the system, but I think we at least have the right to know when our faces are everywhere.
