### Think of contemporary systems/applications in which data is used to predict the future in order to then act upon it. Compile a list of 3 such situations that come to your mind and describe them briefly.

1. There are applications for health that predict the menstrual cycle for female. By filling in to some forms about the cycle time and the duration, the application wiil inform the user a few days aheah of the up coming period and allow its user to be prepared.

2. Earthquake prediction. By analyzing the real-time geographical and physical infomation, the time, location and the magnitude of the future earthquakes can be predict. Therefore, the people live within the area can be warned and take action to avoid the damage.

3. Weather forecast. I think this is the most common prediction today we use. By calculating through air pressure, current weather conditions, cloud cover and etc, it will give out the future temperature, humidity, weather, AQI and many more other information about the future weather conditions. In this way, people can decide on there future movements and activities accordingly.

### Collect your thoughts on the Prediction and its role in the three above sources. Your associations, opinions and ideas may be complemented by reflections on "collective average vs individual fate", "statistic vs. algorithmic prediction" or "social physics" (but don't feel obliged to discuss these). Express yourself in 300-400 words.

For the above three examples that I have listed, I can see that most of the existing predicting system that I have noticed is mostly related to natural science. Through analyzing scientific strategies, I think humans are trying to master the rule of nature. Nature seems like the easiest system to predict. And the origin of predicting nature phenomenon has a long history. The earliest story of weather forecasting that I have heard of is dated back to the three kingdoms period of China, which is about 1800 years ago. However, we can always find ourselves bring umbrellas out on a sunny day, and trapped in the building because of the rain. The nature forecast needs accurate calculation and takes all variables into consideration. The nature system is such a strict system that a slight change will cause a butterfly effect. I don’t think people can fully master what nature is like, there are always things that we don’t know about, hence can’t collect the data or use statistic to predict the future. But these nature analytical algorithm has already brought us so many benefits that we can avoid to suffer from a lot of natural disasters.

According to the three materials provided, I found all of them are about the predictions for human activities. By collecting from a large database, it is easy for us to draw an average conclusion and even give out a certain percentage on a diagnose. But those numbers and information only a reference. For example, the death rate of the first-stage colon cancer is less than 5%. For people who live, the rate seems quite low and it is almost curable, but for the individuals belong to the 5%, the death rate is 100%. A person who is diagnosed with a severe disease that can’t live through the first three months can be seen passed away until his/her nineties. They are the “minority”, but they truly exist.

Also, a person can be easily affected by rumors. Just like Anderton in *The Minority Report*, a person who sees his/her negative future will always try to change it. But if the future is changed, then the previous prediction will no longer be valid. However, if people have a chance to view their future, but they refuse the chance because they don’t want to change it, no one will know what the future is like, and no one will know if the prediction is right or wrong. This dilemma is just like Erwin Schrödinger's Cat.
